♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road
And back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ "Thank you for being a friend" ♪
(serene music playing)
Ma, what's wrong with you?
You've been leaving
the toilet seat up all week.
Thank God.
I thought I was losing weight.
Oh, girls,
I have great news.
I just talked to my daughter Janet.
She and my granddaughter
Sarah are coming to visit.
I've never been so happy.
Janet? Isn't she the daughter
who hates you?
Well, that didn't last long.
She doesn't really hate me.
We just don't see eye-to-eye.
Now this is my big chance, girls.
You've got to help me.
What is something the
three of us could do together?
Well, we could
sneak into Rose's room
put on some of her hayseed dresses
then do imitations of her--
No, no, no, not the three of us.
I mean, Janet and Sarah and I.
Oh, the three of you.
I don't care.
You're no help at all, Sophia.
-Dorothy, do you have any ideas?
-My idea of a good time--
Oh, God. I'm dead.
I am so mad.
I got a letter from home
all about my high school reunion.
I didn't know
I'd miss such a good time.
Listen to this.
"Dear Rose,
you sure did miss a good time.
The precision drill team
wasn't the same without you.
We could only
spell out St. Oaf."
Rose, you didn't get
to go to your reunion
because you weren't feeling well.
Maybe if you'd seen a doctor,
you could've gone.
You don't understand.
I'm from St. Olaf.
St. Olaf is farm country.
We're rough and rugged.
We never see doctors. Never.
In fact, my great-grandfather once
removed his neighbor's appendix,
and he wasn't even sick.
Why would he do that?
They were playing poker
and the stakes got a little high.
Rose, you've been looking pale.
You ought to see a doctor.
Blanche's right. See a doctor.
It's just indigestion,
and I'm tired from working hard.
Rose, you're playing
with your health here.
You're crazy.
Oh, I'm crazy, am I?
You think I'm crazy?
Well, I'll tell you something else.
In St. Olaf, we don't believe
in psychiatrists either.
Ha-ha-ha!
(mellow music playing)
Good. You're all here.
Saturday night.
Of course, you're all here.
Listen to what I found
in the personals.
"Last call for those who graduated
from east Miami high, class of '52.
Don't miss our
40th reunion party."
What's that have to do with us?
You missed your reunion
because you didn't feel well.
Here's your chance to go to one...
and for Dorothy and me
to meet some men.
Me too! Me too!
Let's say you, Rose, and I do go.
Won't they know we haven't
been to that school?
Yeah. How do we stop
that from happening?
These people went to
school 40 years ago.
They won't know
each other anymore.
We'll blend right in.
We'll just blend right in. Smooth.
I did feel bad about missing
my high school reunion,
and Miles is out of town.
With you guys there,
I'd have fun.
This is ridiculous, but let's do it.
It'll be a lark.
We'll be like the three musketeers.
All for one...
And one for all.
Wait a minute.
What about ma?
Thank you, pussycat.
We'll have to get a sitter.
No more sitters.
We're still in litigation
with the last one.
She bit me first.
You're gonna come with us
but you have to be prepared.
Now, I'm gonna go by
the school library
and pick up some old yearbooks.
We have to know all the basics,
you know, like,
oh, senior class president,
quarterback of the football team,
class slut.
Blanche, how do you tell a slut
from a yearbook?
Oh, how do you tell a slut
You don't have to buy
a yearbook dinner.
Rose.
You can take a yearbook
home to your parents.
Rose.
There's nothing wrong with having
a yearbook on the coffee table.
Rose, this isn't a riddle.
Well, make it one.
I had three good answers.
(calm music playing)
Well, I'm ready for the reunion.
What do you think?
I think you haven't changed
a bit since your prom.
Really?
No, I'm lying. Why do you
press me on these things?
You're not spoiling this for me.
Tonight I'll be the person
I want to be.
No baggage. I am free.
Nobody has to know that
I haven't fulfilled my dreams,
or that I got pregnant
in high school,
or that I stay home
on Saturday nights.
Then what the hell am I
supposed to talk about?
Rose, I just want to
make sure you're prepared.
I studied that yearbook
as hard as you.
Ask me anything.
Anything.
Ok. What were the school colors?
Brick and a kind of a cementy color
between the bricks.
Rose, be serious.
Ask me something else.
How many fingers
did the shop teacher have?
-Nine.
-That's too easy.
All shop teachers have nine.
Rose Nylund, you haven't memorized
anything, have you?
You'll walk in there tonight
totally unprepared,
and whatever you say
will be wrong,
and we'll be kicked out.
I'm feeling tired.
Maybe I shouldn't go.
Wait. You're deliberately
trying to get out of going.
I think I'm a little afraid.
Afraid of what?
Afraid of looking stupid.
Oh!
I think this whole thing is wrong.
We're going to this reunion
and deceiving people
and changing our past histories.
To me,
that's almost like lying,
and that's against
everything I am.
Rose, what's the natural
color of your hair?
I'll get the car.
(serene music playing)
Where have you been?
I went by the no-show table
and got name tags.
Blanche,
you'll be Susan Armstrong.
Dorothy,
you'll be Cindy Lou Peoples.
And Sophia, you're Myron Zucker.
There's no way
I'm ever going to pass for a man.
Dorothy, trade with me.
Go to hell, Myron.
I don't want to wear this.
I looked in the yearbook.
You're a dead ringer
for Cindy Lou Peoples.
I don't know.
Trust me. It'll work,
or my name isn't "Kim Fung-Toi".
I'll stand with those women
so I'll be less conspicuous.
Why do you say that?
Well, Dorothy, you remember.
The pretty girls
always travel in packs.
Rose, you all right?
I just feel faint.
Getting together with my old friends
is starting to get to me.
Rose, you don't
know anybody here.
So the snubbing
isn't race-oriented?
You know,
I really hate reunions.
I mean, everybody
is so plastic and fake.
Everybody pretending to
be something they're not.
Why can't people
just be themselves?
-"Cindy Lou Peoples"?
-"Tommy Lunt"?
-Aah!
Excuse me,
aren't you Mrs. Gonzales?
Spanish 101?
Si.
Hi. Larry Tucker.
I was always afraid to tell you this
when I was in your class,
but I had a huge crush on you.
Why didn't you ever
do anything about it?
Mrs. Gonzales,
you were my teacher.
And you were my favorite student,
but I'm not your teacher any more,
and Mr. Gonzales is dead.
Let's mambo.
-Susan? Susan Armstrong?
-Ted. Ted O'Brien.
My, my.
You would not believe
how often I've thought about you
over the years.
I remember our one date
when I told you I didn't like girls,
and you told everyone.
Everyone!
Well, guess what?
I still don't like girls,
and I don't like you.
Ted. Ted!
Oh, who cares?
The most interesting thing
about the tar business,
actually, I have to pick two things.
It's impossible to pick one.
The two most interesting things
about the tar business are
the tar itself and the number
of shoes you go through.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm probably boring you.
Enough about me.
Let's talk about you.
So, where do you get your tar?
I lost my first husband
in a tar pit. Excuse me.
Well, if it isn't Susan Armstrong.
Oh, and don't you
look handsome, Bill.
Wow. You haven't aged a bit.
I've missed you.
Really, Susan?
How about our baby?
The one my parents raised?
Do you ever miss him?
You know, it isn't really good
to dwell on the past.
So, what do you
do for a living?
Bill? Bill! Oh, who cares?
May I have your attention, please.
Let's get started.
Cindy Lou Peoples?
-You look incredible.
-Well, thank you.
You remember our Korean
exchange student,
Kim Fung-Toi.
Oh, sure.
You look... different.
Different on outside,
same on inside.
Hi, I'm Pete Fielder.
Senior class president.
Oh, my God, he's the president.
-Rose...
-I'm gonna try something.
Look, there's a Tar salesman.
Oh, my God, it's a Tar salesman.
Hello and welcome,
I hope you're enjoying yourselves,
but it's now the moment
we've been waiting for.
I'm tired of being Cindy Peoples.
Her life is almost
as boring as mine.
Let's go home, Dorothy.
Rose?
And now the king and queen
of the prom,
Danny Farrell
and Cindy Lou Peoples!
I'm queen.
I'm queen!
Oh, Ma.
Ma, I'm queen of the prom.
I'm proud of you, Cindy Lou.
I'm queen!
This is sad.
This is so sad.
Hold it.
You're not Cindy Lou Peoples.
What are you
talking about?
I brought my mother.
She'll vouch for me.
That's Mrs. Gonzales.
Si.
They're both impostors.
Run, Ma, run!
Dorothy?
-Rose?
-You see what you've done?
You've upset Kim Fung-Toi.
-Rose?
-Dorothy, she's not kidding.
Oh, my God.
Somebody get help!
Rose. Rose.
(siren wails)
Why won't they say how she is?
Blanche, be patient.
We've been here over an hour.
What if she's already dead,
and they're trying to figure out
how to tell us?
She is not dead.
I remember when people
used to die at Shady Pines.
I hated the way the nurses
used to break the news.
"Guess who's getting two desserts
tonight," it was so transparent.
Oh, my God, Dorothy, I just had
another horrible thought.
What if Rose had a major stroke?
What if she is left completely
unable to care for herself?
What would we do?
We would bring her home.
That's what we would do.
If she had a stroke,
we'd take care of her.
She's family.
Ahem.
Right, and then
we'd send her to Shady Pines.
Thank you.
This is all my fault.
What are you talking about?
I knew she wasn't feeling well,
yet I insisted
she go to that reunion.
How can I be
so self-centered?
All I'll ever think about is me.
Me, me, me, me.
Blanche, we all knew
she wasn't feeling well.
Do you mind?
I'm talking about me.
All we can do for Rose
is say a prayer.
Been a long time since
I've said a prayer.
I don't think God knows
who I am any more.
God, Blanche.
Blanche, God.
Go ahead.
Dear God...
it's been an awful long time
since I've done this, and I'm sorry.
You have given me a lot
to be thankful for,
my wonderful children,
my health, a beautiful body,
legs to die for...
a face that is stunningly sexy, and
yet has the innocence of a child,
with luscious lips that defy--
He knows what you
look like, Blanche.
Yes, you know, and
I just wanted to say good job.
Oh, but dear God,
I do have a favor to ask.
Could you please spare
my friend Rose?
I know I haven't been perfect,
but if you let her live,
I'll try to be a better person.
If in your infinite wisdom
you decide to...
start the aging process on me...
I will understand.
And I promise...
I will not have sex with anyone...
unless they really, really need it.
Amen.
Hi. Are you waiting for news
on Rose Nylund?
Yes, doctor. How is she?
I've just seen her,
and she's fine.
Thank God.
We were so worried.
A very mild cardiac episode.
No permanent damage.
You can see her
when we get her into a room.
Did you hear that?
Rose is fine.
My prayer was answered.
Who knows?
Maybe that's what did it.
I know I was doing some praying.
All I know is Rose will be ok,
and I'm going to
stick by my promise.
You'll see a new, improved Blanche.
I've talked to the nurse.
Mrs. Nylund's in her room
and wants to see you.
Room 114.
By the way, I don't think
I caught your name.
I'm Blanche.
Blanche, can I see you
outside the hospital?
Maybe we can
have dinner some night?
Oh, well, do you really need to?
I mean, do you really,
really need to?
Well, I don't really need to.
Then I'm sorry, but I can't.
Oh, you are a vengeful God.
(soft music playing)
Oh, girls, thank God you're here.
I'm sorry I scared you.
The doctor wants me
to stay overnight for observation.
Don't be sorry. We're just
so happy you're feeling better.
She's right. Now, you just
take it easy, Rose.
This scare really
touched all of us.
I've been bargaining with God.
I promised
him there'd be a lot less sex
and a lot more church.
I'm sorry. I thought you were
joking to raise my spirits.
We all got a second chance.
I wasn't living up to my potential.
I'm going to take an aptitude test.
Maybe go to law school.
Ma, come on.
You'll be 96 when you get out.
I'll be 96 anyway.
Well, since everyone
is making promises
in celebration of Rose's
miraculous recovery,
I've decided...
I'm going to go out more.
She's going to be a lawyer,
and I can't go out?
You know, I've never
been afraid of dying.
That's 'cause
I'm not going to stay dead.
I'm going to get frozen.
I read a magazine article
on cryogenics.
They freeze you, and
when they find a cure for you,
they bring you back.
There's no proof of that working.
They've had great success
with the Arctic beetle.
You have nothing in common
with beetles.
Think that one through.
Well,
I've heard it's really expensive.
Not if you just do your head.
What?
I want to preserve my brain.
Oh. We're sorry.
We thought you were joking
to raise our spirits.
No. I want to get
my head frozen.
I want you to promise
you'll help me with this.
All right. If it'll make you happy,
I'll see that your head
gets to the cryogenics people.
Blanche will help me too.
Well, I do have George's
old bowling ball bag.
I need your solemn promises
that you'll have
your heads frozen too.
No, Rose. I don't think so.
Oh, well, I'm sorry.
I thought we were friends,
and friends do little things
for each other,
like get their heads frozen.
Ok, we'll be good friends
and have our heads frozen too.
What?
I was just thinking about what
Dorothy said about getting out more.
-(mellow music playing)
-(doorbell rings)
-Granny!
-Oh, sweetie pie! Janet.
-How was the trip?
-Fine. Fine.
Sit down next to grandma.
Give me a hug. You, too.
You're so beautiful.
You're so sweet.
Can we go to monkey village?
Yes, darling.
We can go anywhere
and do anything you want
on God's magnificent earth.
You're sure in a good mood
for a Sunday morning.
Uh-oh.
We can wait in the kitchen
if you need time to say goodbye
to uncle whoever.
No, no, nothing like that.
I thought we could go
to church together,
just like good people.
You know how I feel
about organized religion.
It makes me crazy.
I don't want Sarah's head
filled with stories
about a God who may not exist.
Honey, of course, he exists.
Just look at the beautiful sky,
the majestic trees.
God created man
and gave him a heart and a mind
and thighs that could crack walnuts.
Mother...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I came to religion late.
I'd say.
But it's never too late.
It's my fervent hope
that the three of us,
you and I and dear little Sarah,
may walk the path of
righteousness together.
And now if you'll excuse me,
I have Gideon bibles for everyone.
I miss sexy grandma.
I'm sure a lot of people do.
(soft music playing)
Rose?
Look at this.
Vaseline...
ben gay... ooh, wow, look at this
wonderful thermometer.
Ouch! Stop me. I'm like
a kid in a candy store.
Ma, don't take that stuff.
They expect us to take it.
It's like hotel soap.
Oh, excuse me.
We're here to pick up our friend.
Are they doing some tests first?
Rose Nylund?
I'm sorry to have to tell you this,
but she went into cardiac arrest.
They're prepping her for surgery.
Sur--
(sad music playing)
(theme music playing)